I ain't good so this is basically going
to be my first impression of the Eden
Body Works jojoba and monoi deep
all-natural deep conditioner now you saw
me putting it in my hair and then after
I put it in I sat under my hyouta food
steamer for about 20 minutes or so and
then I let it sit in my hair after the
the beautiful for about 10-15 minutes I
just let it sit and I liked it I think I
have found on my staple and if you can
see if you can really tell the
difference my hair feels very soft and
manageable I'm dripping wet but yeah I
needed some TLC it has been a while
since I have done a deep conditioner
just because I was waiting to get my
hands on some so I bought this at the
natural movement Expo in New York it was
six bucks I'm not sure how much it
regularly retails for but they were
having a sale there I'm not I'm not
really sure maybe $12.99 I'm pretty sure
you can find this at Walmart and Sally's
I believe I'm not too sure but you can
look and look it up or you can buy it
online but okay number one it says
paraben free sulfate free and let's just
get into these ingredients the first
ingredient is water then you have to
alcohol which we all know can be dry and
alcohol can be drying too right here but
then it makes up for it because it's got
so many good oils in it it's got a hobo
seed oil carrot oil flour oil tea tree
you can definitely smell the tea tree
definitely that's the first smell that I
smell is tea tree and basically that's
all I smell now this deep conditioner
has a very different texture than other
differences
deep conditioners that I have tried this
is very very thick look look it's very
very thick let me Sebastian
very thick so going into my hair as you
can see it went in there fairly easy it
was fairly easy to also detangle my hair
I wasn't like prior to to where you see
me putting this and I had just washed my
hair I didn't use another conditioner
and I just went put it in and worked it
in and right away just started to
detangle and that was the only time that
I had to tangle my hair was I had just
washed it it was a maybe four or five
day old wash and go and sometimes it's
after if I wait so long it's really hard
for me to detangle so this was fairly
easy to detangle my hair with I felt
great going into my hair it on the scalp
it tingled a little bit not very much
but it did tingle the smell is great and
you know right away I can see like my
curls being rejuvenated let's say so and
you know they're there I like what you
like after I know that it did a good job
when my hair is like fluffy and you know
before this like I said I hadn't deep
conditioned in a while so my hair was a
little bit lifeless in my hair was like
we need some TLC so this is definitely I
think and it's very affordable six bucks
I gotta see how much of course regular
retail if I find out I'll put it in the
description box but I think that this is
I got another deep conditioner to try
but I think that this one is winning
right now I'm definitely giving Eden
Bodyworks
two thumbs up I really really did like
this stuff and it's affordable we know
how expensive these products can be so
if you're looking to try something new
it's not gonna break your pockets I do
definitely suggest you try this out this
was my first time trying it and just
awesome
awesome what does it say here I need to
be reading the stuff facts in size but
anyway yeah if you guys want to give
this a try definitely give this two
thumbs up for my hair it worked great it
did exactly what I wanted it to do my
hair feels soft and manageable and I'm
going to go ahead and throw my hair into
twist now so yeah if you guys tried this
stuff before and like it or don't like
it let me know hit me up in the comments
box and yeah alright you guys I'll talk
to you later right